Now I'm going to minimize this a little bit.
Just so we can see a little bit clearer.
It's not as messy this way.
And I'm going to remove some of the spacing in between here even though I'll give us a warning just
so we can see everything.
There we go.
All right.
So we have these classes now.
Python gives us a useful tool to check if something is an instance of a class and easily enough for
us.
It's called instance or is instance and is instance is a built in function in Python we give it the
instance and then the class that we want to check.
So in our case if we had wizard one equals two.
Wizard Merlin with power of 60.
In that case if I do wizard one and then do Class Wizard
and I print this what do you think we'll get by click Run I get true because wizard is an instance or
wizard one is an instance of wizard.
Let me ask you this What if I do user is wizard one an instance of user guess what's about to happen
it's true right.
Because wizard class is a subclass of user.
So technically yes.
Wizard 1 is an instance of user because we've had to run this class to create wizard 1 but here is the
interesting part.
If I do wizard one dot do you see how I have are methods and attributes that I've added but also all
these Dunder methods that we haven't really talked about yet.
Where do these come from right.
Well in Python.
Remember how I said everything is an object well everything in Python inherits from the base object
class that Python comes with.
And it's called object.
You see how it got highlighted here so if I do is instance wizard one of object and I have to remove
the dot over here.
Let's click Run it's true because wizard 1 inherits or gets methods from the Wizard class from the user
class and even higher up from the object based class that Python comes with.
And that's why we have these automatic methods attached for us so that using object every single method
that is useful.
For example if I open up a list if I do dot and let's say we pick the are EPR method which we don't
really know what it does yet but if I go to wizard one and I do dot you see that I have it as well because
they both inherit from the object base class and this way we avoid repeating code any common functionality
I can just dish it out to all the objects that need it which is very very cool so underneath the hood
when I do something like user it's actually accepting object as the parent class in order to accept
these properties that are built in and that we might need in the future.
All right.
That was a lot.
One more pillar to go.
I'll see you in the next video.
Bob.